src/CloudNimble.DotNetDocs.Docs/api-reference/Mintlify/Core/Models/BackgroundConfig.mdx, before:

---
title: BackgroundConfig
description: "Represents the background configuration for the Mintlify documentation site."
icon: file-brackets-curly
keywords: ['BackgroundConfig', 'Mintlify.Core.Models.BackgroundConfig', 'Mintlify.Core.Models', 'class', 'System.Object']
---

## Definition

**Assembly:** Mintlify.Core.dll

**Namespace:** Mintlify.Core.Models

**Inheritance:** System.Object

## Syntax

```csharp
Mintlify.Core.Models.BackgroundConfig
```

## Summary

Represents the background configuration for the Mintlify documentation site.

## Remarks

This configuration controls the background appearance including images, decorations,
            and colors for the documentation site.

## Constructors

### <Icon icon="hammer" iconType="duotone" color="#0D9373" size={24} style={{ paddingRight: '8px' }} />  .ctor

#### Syntax

```csharp
public BackgroundConfig()
```

## Properties

### <Icon icon="tag" iconType="duotone" color="#0D9373" size={24} style={{ paddingRight: '8px' }} />  Color

Gets or sets the background color configuration.

#### Syntax

```csharp
public object Color { get; set; }
```

#### Property Value

Type: `object?`

#### Remarks

Can be a hex color string or an object with color configuration properties.
            This controls the base background color of the documentation site.

### <Icon icon="tag" iconType="duotone" color="#0D9373" size={24} style={{ paddingRight: '8px' }} />  Decoration

Gets or sets the background decoration style.

#### Syntax

```csharp
public string Decoration { get; set; }
```

#### Property Value

Type: `string?`

#### Remarks

Valid values are "gradient", "grid", or "windows". This adds decorative
            background patterns to enhance the visual appearance of the site.

### <Icon icon="tag" iconType="duotone" color="#0D9373" size={24} style={{ paddingRight: '8px' }} />  Image

Gets or sets the background image configuration.

#### Syntax

```csharp
public object Image { get; set; }
```

#### Property Value

Type: `object?`

#### Remarks

Can be a string URL for a single image, or an object with "light" and "dark" 
            properties for different images in each mode. Should be an absolute URL or 
            relative path to the image file.

Commit message:

Enhance Mintlify docs system with new features and fixes
- Added detailed MDX documentation for new classes and converters.
- Implemented JSON converters for polymorphic serialization.
- Enhanced models with implicit conversions for better usability.
- Fixed infinite recursion in custom converters with `OptionsWithoutThis`.
- Added comprehensive unit tests for converters and models.
- Improved navigation parsing and template processing logic.
- Updated project files to support multiple frameworks and dependencies.
- Enhanced background and color configurations for theme support.
- Improved performance and thread safety in JSON serialization.
- Resolved stack overflow issues in the documentation pipeline.

src/CloudNimble.DotNetDocs.Docs/api-reference/Mintlify/Core/Models/BackgroundConfig.mdx, after:

---
title: BackgroundConfig
description: "Represents the background configuration for the Mintlify documentation site."
icon: file-brackets-curly
keywords: ['BackgroundConfig', 'Mintlify.Core.Models.BackgroundConfig', 'Mintlify.Core.Models', 'class', 'System.Object']
---

## Definition

**Assembly:** Mintlify.Core.dll

**Namespace:** Mintlify.Core.Models

**Inheritance:** System.Object

## Syntax

```csharp
Mintlify.Core.Models.BackgroundConfig
```

## Summary

Represents the background configuration for the Mintlify documentation site.

## Remarks

This configuration controls the background appearance including images, decorations,
            and colors for the documentation site.

## Constructors

### <Icon icon="hammer" iconType="duotone" color="#419AC5" size={24} style={{ paddingRight: '8px' }} />  .ctor

#### Syntax

```csharp
public BackgroundConfig()
```

## Properties

### <Icon icon="tag" iconType="duotone" color="#419AC5" size={24} style={{ paddingRight: '8px' }} />  Color

Gets or sets the background color configuration.

#### Syntax

```csharp
public Mintlify.Core.Models.ColorConfig Color { get; set; }
```

#### Property Value

Type: `Mintlify.Core.Models.ColorConfig?`

#### Remarks

Can be a hex color string or an object with color configuration properties.
            This controls the base background color of the documentation site.

### <Icon icon="tag" iconType="duotone" color="#419AC5" size={24} style={{ paddingRight: '8px' }} />  Decoration

Gets or sets the background decoration style.

#### Syntax

```csharp
public string Decoration { get; set; }
```

#### Property Value

Type: `string?`

#### Remarks

Valid values are "gradient", "grid", or "windows". This adds decorative
            background patterns to enhance the visual appearance of the site.

### <Icon icon="tag" iconType="duotone" color="#419AC5" size={24} style={{ paddingRight: '8px' }} />  Image

Gets or sets the background image configuration.

#### Syntax

```csharp
public Mintlify.Core.Models.BackgroundImageConfig Image { get; set; }
```

#### Property Value

Type: `Mintlify.Core.Models.BackgroundImageConfig?`

#### Remarks

Can be a string URL for a single image, or an object with "light" and "dark"
            properties for different images in each mode. Should be an absolute URL or
            relative path to the image file.
