src/CloudNimble.DotNetDocs.Docs/api-reference/Mintlify/Core/Models/ColorPairConfig.mdx, before:

---
title: ColorPairConfig
description: "Represents a color pair configuration for light and dark modes."
icon: file-brackets-curly
keywords: ['ColorPairConfig', 'Mintlify.Core.Models.ColorPairConfig', 'Mintlify.Core.Models', 'class', 'System.Object']
---

## Definition

**Assembly:** Mintlify.Core.dll

**Namespace:** Mintlify.Core.Models

**Inheritance:** System.Object

## Syntax

```csharp
Mintlify.Core.Models.ColorPairConfig
```

## Summary

Represents a color pair configuration for light and dark modes.

## Constructors

### <Icon icon="hammer" iconType="duotone" color="#0D9373" size={24} style={{ paddingRight: '8px' }} />  .ctor

#### Syntax

```csharp
public ColorPairConfig()
```

## Properties

### <Icon icon="tag" iconType="duotone" color="#0D9373" size={24} style={{ paddingRight: '8px' }} />  Dark

Gets or sets the color in hex format to use in dark mode.

#### Syntax

```csharp
public string Dark { get; set; }
```

#### Property Value

Type: `string?`

### <Icon icon="tag" iconType="duotone" color="#0D9373" size={24} style={{ paddingRight: '8px' }} />  Light

Gets or sets the color in hex format to use in light mode.

#### Syntax

```csharp
public string Light { get; set; }
```

#### Property Value

Type: `string?`

Commit message:

Enhance Mintlify docs system with new features and fixes
- Added detailed MDX documentation for new classes and converters.
- Implemented JSON converters for polymorphic serialization.
- Enhanced models with implicit conversions for better usability.
- Fixed infinite recursion in custom converters with `OptionsWithoutThis`.
- Added comprehensive unit tests for converters and models.
- Improved navigation parsing and template processing logic.
- Updated project files to support multiple frameworks and dependencies.
- Enhanced background and color configurations for theme support.
- Improved performance and thread safety in JSON serialization.
- Resolved stack overflow issues in the documentation pipeline.

src/CloudNimble.DotNetDocs.Docs/api-reference/Mintlify/Core/Models/ColorPairConfig.mdx, after:

---
title: ColorPairConfig
description: "Represents a color pair configuration for light and dark modes."
icon: file-brackets-curly
keywords: ['ColorPairConfig', 'Mintlify.Core.Models.ColorPairConfig', 'Mintlify.Core.Models', 'class', 'System.Object']
---

## Definition

**Assembly:** Mintlify.Core.dll

**Namespace:** Mintlify.Core.Models

**Inheritance:** System.Object

## Syntax

```csharp
Mintlify.Core.Models.ColorPairConfig
```

## Summary

Represents a color pair configuration for light and dark modes.

## Constructors

### <Icon icon="hammer" iconType="duotone" color="#419AC5" size={24} style={{ paddingRight: '8px' }} />  .ctor

#### Syntax

```csharp
public ColorPairConfig()
```

## Properties

### <Icon icon="tag" iconType="duotone" color="#419AC5" size={24} style={{ paddingRight: '8px' }} />  Dark

Gets or sets the color in hex format to use in dark mode.

#### Syntax

```csharp
public string Dark { get; set; }
```

#### Property Value

Type: `string?`

### <Icon icon="tag" iconType="duotone" color="#419AC5" size={24} style={{ paddingRight: '8px' }} />  Light

Gets or sets the color in hex format to use in light mode.

#### Syntax

```csharp
public string Light { get; set; }
```

#### Property Value

Type: `string?`

## Methods

### <Icon icon="code-merge" iconType="duotone" color="#419AC5" size={24} style={{ paddingRight: '8px' }} />  ToString

Returns the string representation of the color pair configuration.

#### Syntax

```csharp
public override string ToString()
```

#### Returns

Type: `string`
The light color, dark color, or empty string.
