src/CloudNimble.DotNetDocs.Docs/api-reference/Mintlify/Core/Models/index.mdx, before:

---
title: Overview
icon: folder-tree
mode: wide
keywords: ['Mintlify.Core.Models', 'namespace', 'AnchorConfig', 'ApiConfig', 'ApiExamplesConfig', 'ApiParamsConfig', 'ApiPlaygroundConfig', 'ApiSpecConfig', 'AppearanceConfig', 'BackgroundConfig', 'BackgroundImageConfig', 'BannerConfig']
---

## Types

### Classes

- [AnchorConfig](AnchorConfig.mdx)
- [ApiConfig](ApiConfig.mdx)
- [ApiExamplesConfig](ApiExamplesConfig.mdx)
- [ApiParamsConfig](ApiParamsConfig.mdx)
- [ApiPlaygroundConfig](ApiPlaygroundConfig.mdx)
- [ApiSpecConfig](ApiSpecConfig.mdx)
- [AppearanceConfig](AppearanceConfig.mdx)
- [BackgroundConfig](BackgroundConfig.mdx)
- [BackgroundImageConfig](BackgroundImageConfig.mdx)
- [BannerConfig](BannerConfig.mdx)
- [ColorConfig](ColorConfig.mdx)
- [ColorPairConfig](ColorPairConfig.mdx)
- [ColorsConfig](ColorsConfig.mdx)
- [ContextualConfig](ContextualConfig.mdx)
- [DocsJsonConfig](DocsJsonConfig.mdx)
- [DropdownConfig](DropdownConfig.mdx)
- [Error404Config](Error404Config.mdx)
- [ErrorsConfig](ErrorsConfig.mdx)
- [FaviconConfig](FaviconConfig.mdx)
- [FaviconConfigJsonConverter](FaviconConfigJsonConverter.mdx)
- [FontsConfig](FontsConfig.mdx)
- [FooterConfig](FooterConfig.mdx)
- [FooterLinkGroup](FooterLinkGroup.mdx)
- [FooterLink](FooterLink.mdx)
- [FrontMatterConfig](FrontMatterConfig.mdx)
- [GlobalAnchorConfig](GlobalAnchorConfig.mdx)
- [GlobalDropdownConfig](GlobalDropdownConfig.mdx)
- [GlobalLanguageConfig](GlobalLanguageConfig.mdx)
- [GlobalNavigationConfig](GlobalNavigationConfig.mdx)
- [GlobalTabConfig](GlobalTabConfig.mdx)
- [GlobalVersionConfig](GlobalVersionConfig.mdx)
- [GroupConfig](GroupConfig.mdx)
- [IconConfig](IconConfig.mdx)
- [IconsConfig](IconsConfig.mdx)
- [IntegrationsConfig](IntegrationsConfig.mdx)
- [LanguageConfig](LanguageConfig.mdx)
- [LogoConfig](LogoConfig.mdx)
- [MdxConfig](MdxConfig.mdx)
- [MdxAuthConfig](MdxAuthConfig.mdx)
- [MergeOptions](MergeOptions.mdx)
- [NavbarConfig](NavbarConfig.mdx)
- [NavbarLink](NavbarLink.mdx)
- [NavigationConfig](NavigationConfig.mdx)
- [PrimaryNavigationConfig](PrimaryNavigationConfig.mdx)
- [RedirectConfig](RedirectConfig.mdx)
- [SearchConfig](SearchConfig.mdx)
- [SeoConfig](SeoConfig.mdx)
- [ServerConfig](ServerConfig.mdx)
- [StylingConfig](StylingConfig.mdx)
- [TabConfig](TabConfig.mdx)
- [VersionConfig](VersionConfig.mdx)

Commit message:

On main: - Fixing missing `dotnet docs update` - Namespace overview icons (#3) - ```noescape code fences - Extensive MarkdownXmlTransformer Tests - NuGet build fixes

src/CloudNimble.DotNetDocs.Docs/api-reference/Mintlify/Core/Models/index.mdx, after:

---
title: Overview
description: "Summary of the Mintlify.Core.Models Namespace"
icon: folder-tree
mode: wide
keywords: ['Mintlify.Core.Models', 'namespace', 'AnchorConfig', 'ApiConfig', 'ApiExamplesConfig', 'ApiParamsConfig', 'ApiPlaygroundConfig', 'ApiSpecConfig', 'AppearanceConfig', 'BackgroundConfig', 'BackgroundImageConfig', 'BannerConfig']
---

## Types

### <Icon icon="file-brackets-curly" iconType="duotone" color="#419AC5" size={24} style={{ paddingRight: '8px' }} /> Classes

- [AnchorConfig](AnchorConfig.mdx)
- [ApiConfig](ApiConfig.mdx)
- [ApiExamplesConfig](ApiExamplesConfig.mdx)
- [ApiParamsConfig](ApiParamsConfig.mdx)
- [ApiPlaygroundConfig](ApiPlaygroundConfig.mdx)
- [ApiSpecConfig](ApiSpecConfig.mdx)
- [AppearanceConfig](AppearanceConfig.mdx)
- [BackgroundConfig](BackgroundConfig.mdx)
- [BackgroundImageConfig](BackgroundImageConfig.mdx)
- [BannerConfig](BannerConfig.mdx)
- [ColorConfig](ColorConfig.mdx)
- [ColorPairConfig](ColorPairConfig.mdx)
- [ColorsConfig](ColorsConfig.mdx)
- [ContextualConfig](ContextualConfig.mdx)
- [DocsJsonConfig](DocsJsonConfig.mdx)
- [DropdownConfig](DropdownConfig.mdx)
- [Error404Config](Error404Config.mdx)
- [ErrorsConfig](ErrorsConfig.mdx)
- [FaviconConfig](FaviconConfig.mdx)
- [FaviconConfigJsonConverter](FaviconConfigJsonConverter.mdx)
- [FontsConfig](FontsConfig.mdx)
- [FooterConfig](FooterConfig.mdx)
- [FooterLinkGroup](FooterLinkGroup.mdx)
- [FooterLink](FooterLink.mdx)
- [FrontMatterConfig](FrontMatterConfig.mdx)
- [GlobalAnchorConfig](GlobalAnchorConfig.mdx)
- [GlobalDropdownConfig](GlobalDropdownConfig.mdx)
- [GlobalLanguageConfig](GlobalLanguageConfig.mdx)
- [GlobalNavigationConfig](GlobalNavigationConfig.mdx)
- [GlobalTabConfig](GlobalTabConfig.mdx)
- [GlobalVersionConfig](GlobalVersionConfig.mdx)
- [GroupConfig](GroupConfig.mdx)
- [IconConfig](IconConfig.mdx)
- [IconsConfig](IconsConfig.mdx)
- [IntegrationsConfig](IntegrationsConfig.mdx)
- [LanguageConfig](LanguageConfig.mdx)
- [LogoConfig](LogoConfig.mdx)
- [MdxConfig](MdxConfig.mdx)
- [MdxAuthConfig](MdxAuthConfig.mdx)
- [MergeOptions](MergeOptions.mdx)
- [NavbarConfig](NavbarConfig.mdx)
- [NavbarLink](NavbarLink.mdx)
- [NavigationConfig](NavigationConfig.mdx)
- [PrimaryNavigationConfig](PrimaryNavigationConfig.mdx)
- [RedirectConfig](RedirectConfig.mdx)
- [SearchConfig](SearchConfig.mdx)
- [SeoConfig](SeoConfig.mdx)
- [ServerConfig](ServerConfig.mdx)
- [StylingConfig](StylingConfig.mdx)
- [TabConfig](TabConfig.mdx)
- [VersionConfig](VersionConfig.mdx)
