src/CloudNimble.DotNetDocs.Docs/api-reference/Mintlify/Core/Models/MdxConfig.mdx, before:

---
title: MdxConfig
description: "Represents the MDX configuration for API pages generated from MDX files."
icon: file-brackets-curly
keywords: ['MdxConfig', 'Mintlify.Core.Models.MdxConfig', 'Mintlify.Core.Models', 'class', 'System.Object']
---

## Definition

**Assembly:** Mintlify.Core.dll

**Namespace:** Mintlify.Core.Models

**Inheritance:** System.Object

## Syntax

```csharp
Mintlify.Core.Models.MdxConfig
```

## Summary

Represents the MDX configuration for API pages generated from MDX files.

## Remarks

This configuration allows manual definition of API endpoints in individual MDX files
            rather than using an OpenAPI specification. It provides flexibility for custom content
            and is useful for documenting small APIs or prototyping.

## Constructors

### <Icon icon="hammer" iconType="duotone" color="#0D9373" size={24} style={{ paddingRight: '8px' }} />  .ctor

#### Syntax

```csharp
public MdxConfig()
```

## Properties

### <Icon icon="tag" iconType="duotone" color="#0D9373" size={24} style={{ paddingRight: '8px' }} />  Auth

Gets or sets the authentication configuration for MDX-based API requests.

#### Syntax

```csharp
public Mintlify.Core.Models.MdxAuthConfig Auth { get; set; }
```

#### Property Value

Type: `Mintlify.Core.Models.MdxAuthConfig?`

#### Remarks

Defines the authentication method and parameters required for API calls
            made from the documentation playground.

### <Icon icon="tag" iconType="duotone" color="#0D9373" size={24} style={{ paddingRight: '8px' }} />  Server

Gets or sets the base server URL(s) for API requests.

#### Syntax

```csharp
public object Server { get; set; }
```

#### Property Value

Type: `object?`

#### Examples

```csharp
// Single server
"server": "https://api.example.com"

// Multiple servers
"server": ["https://api1.example.com", "https://api2.example.com"]
```

#### Remarks

Can be a single string URL or an array of URLs for multiple base endpoints.
            Used as the base URL for all API requests made from the playground.

Commit message:

Enhance Mintlify docs system with new features and fixes
- Added detailed MDX documentation for new classes and converters.
- Implemented JSON converters for polymorphic serialization.
- Enhanced models with implicit conversions for better usability.
- Fixed infinite recursion in custom converters with `OptionsWithoutThis`.
- Added comprehensive unit tests for converters and models.
- Improved navigation parsing and template processing logic.
- Updated project files to support multiple frameworks and dependencies.
- Enhanced background and color configurations for theme support.
- Improved performance and thread safety in JSON serialization.
- Resolved stack overflow issues in the documentation pipeline.

src/CloudNimble.DotNetDocs.Docs/api-reference/Mintlify/Core/Models/MdxConfig.mdx, after:

---
title: MdxConfig
description: "Represents the MDX configuration for API pages generated from MDX files."
icon: file-brackets-curly
keywords: ['MdxConfig', 'Mintlify.Core.Models.MdxConfig', 'Mintlify.Core.Models', 'class', 'System.Object']
---

## Definition

**Assembly:** Mintlify.Core.dll

**Namespace:** Mintlify.Core.Models

**Inheritance:** System.Object

## Syntax

```csharp
Mintlify.Core.Models.MdxConfig
```

## Summary

Represents the MDX configuration for API pages generated from MDX files.

## Remarks

This configuration allows manual definition of API endpoints in individual MDX files
            rather than using an OpenAPI specification. It provides flexibility for custom content
            and is useful for documenting small APIs or prototyping.

## Constructors

### <Icon icon="hammer" iconType="duotone" color="#419AC5" size={24} style={{ paddingRight: '8px' }} />  .ctor

#### Syntax

```csharp
public MdxConfig()
```

## Properties

### <Icon icon="tag" iconType="duotone" color="#419AC5" size={24} style={{ paddingRight: '8px' }} />  Auth

Gets or sets the authentication configuration for MDX-based API requests.

#### Syntax

```csharp
public Mintlify.Core.Models.MdxAuthConfig Auth { get; set; }
```

#### Property Value

Type: `Mintlify.Core.Models.MdxAuthConfig?`

#### Remarks

Defines the authentication method and parameters required for API calls
            made from the documentation playground.

### <Icon icon="tag" iconType="duotone" color="#419AC5" size={24} style={{ paddingRight: '8px' }} />  Server

Gets or sets the base server URL(s) for API requests.

#### Syntax

```csharp
public Mintlify.Core.Models.ServerConfig Server { get; set; }
```

#### Property Value

Type: `Mintlify.Core.Models.ServerConfig?`

#### Examples

```csharp
// Single server
"server": "https://api.example.com"

// Multiple servers
"server": ["https://api1.example.com", "https://api2.example.com"]
```

#### Remarks

Can be a single string URL or an array of URLs for multiple base endpoints.
             Used as the base URL for all API requests made from the playground.
