src/CloudNimble.DotNetDocs.Docs/api-reference/CloudNimble/DotNetDocs/Core/DocumentationReference.mdx, before:

---
title: DocumentationReference
description: "Represents a reference to external documentation to be combined into a documentation collection."
icon: file-brackets-curly
keywords: ['DocumentationReference', 'CloudNimble.DotNetDocs.Core.DocumentationReference', 'CloudNimble.DotNetDocs.Core', 'class', 'System.Object']
---

import { DocsBadge } from '/snippets/DocsBadge.jsx';

## Definition

**Assembly:** CloudNimble.DotNetDocs.Core.dll

**Namespace:** CloudNimble.DotNetDocs.Core

**Inheritance:** System.Object

## Syntax

```csharp
CloudNimble.DotNetDocs.Core.DocumentationReference
```

## Summary

Represents a reference to external documentation to be combined into a documentation collection.

## Remarks

This class encapsulates information needed to copy documentation files from a referenced project
            and integrate its navigation structure into a collection portal. Similar to MSBuild's ProjectReference,
            but for documentation outputs.

## Constructors

### <Icon icon="hammer" iconType="duotone" color="#419AC5" size={24} style={{ paddingRight: '8px' }} />  .ctor

Initializes a new instance of the [DocumentationReference](/api-reference/CloudNimble/DotNetDocs/Core/DocumentationReference) class.

#### Syntax

```csharp
public DocumentationReference()
```

### <Icon icon="hammer" iconType="duotone" color="#419AC5" size={24} style={{ paddingRight: '8px' }} />  .ctor

Initializes a new instance of the [DocumentationReference](/api-reference/CloudNimble/DotNetDocs/Core/DocumentationReference) class with a project path.

#### Syntax

```csharp
public DocumentationReference(string projectPath)
```

#### Parameters

| Name | Type | Description |
|------|------|-------------|
| `projectPath` | `string` | The path to the .docsproj file being referenced. |

### <Icon icon="hammer" iconType="duotone" color="#419AC5" size={24} style={{ paddingRight: '8px' }} />  .ctor <DocsBadge text="Inherited" variant="neutral" />

<Note>Inherited from `object`</Note>

#### Syntax

```csharp
public Object()
```

## Properties

### <Icon icon="tag" iconType="duotone" color="#419AC5" size={24} style={{ paddingRight: '8px' }} />  DestinationPath

Gets or sets the path to the destination folder within the collection's documentation root.

#### Syntax

```csharp
public string DestinationPath { get; set; }
```

#### Property Value

Type: `string`
The relative path where referenced documentation will be copied.

#### Examples

For a microservice named "auth-service", this might be "services/auth".

### <Icon icon="tag" iconType="duotone" color="#419AC5" size={24} style={{ paddingRight: '8px' }} />  DocumentationRoot

Gets or sets the root directory containing the referenced documentation outputs.

#### Syntax

```csharp
public string DocumentationRoot { get; set; }
```

#### Property Value

Type: `string`
The absolute path to the documentation root of the referenced project.

#### Examples

C:\repos\auth-service\docs

### <Icon icon="tag" iconType="duotone" color="#419AC5" size={24} style={{ paddingRight: '8px' }} />  DocumentationType

Gets or sets the documentation type of the referenced project.

#### Syntax

```csharp
public string DocumentationType { get; set; }
```

#### Property Value

Type: `string`
The documentation format (e.g., "Mintlify", "DocFX", "MkDocs").

#### Remarks

This determines which file patterns to copy and whether navigation combining is supported.

### <Icon icon="tag" iconType="duotone" color="#419AC5" size={24} style={{ paddingRight: '8px' }} />  IntegrationType

Gets or sets the integration type for Mintlify navigation.

#### Syntax

```csharp
public string IntegrationType { get; set; }
```

#### Property Value

Type: `string`
Either "Tabs" or "Products" for Mintlify navigation structure.

#### Remarks

Only applicable when DocumentationType is "Mintlify". Determines whether the referenced
            documentation appears in the top-level tabs or in the products section.

### <Icon icon="tag" iconType="duotone" color="#419AC5" size={24} style={{ paddingRight: '8px' }} />  NavigationFilePath

Gets or sets the path to the navigation configuration file for the referenced documentation.

#### Syntax

```csharp
public string NavigationFilePath { get; set; }
```

#### Property Value

Type: `string`
The absolute path to the navigation file (e.g., docs.json for Mintlify).

#### Examples

C:\repos\auth-service\docs\docs.json

### <Icon icon="tag" iconType="duotone" color="#419AC5" size={24} style={{ paddingRight: '8px' }} />  ProjectPath

Gets or sets the path to the .docsproj file being referenced.

#### Syntax

```csharp
public string ProjectPath { get; set; }
```

#### Property Value

Type: `string`
The absolute path to the documentation project file.

#### Examples

C:\repos\auth-service\docs\AuthService.docsproj

## Methods

### <Icon icon="code-fork" iconType="duotone" color="#419AC5" size={24} style={{ paddingRight: '8px' }} />  Equals <DocsBadge text="Inherited" variant="neutral" /> <DocsBadge text="Virtual" variant="warning" />

<Note>Inherited from `object`</Note>

#### Syntax

```csharp
public virtual bool Equals(object obj)
```

#### Parameters

| Name | Type | Description |
|------|------|-------------|
| `obj` | `object?` | - |

#### Returns

Type: `bool`

### <Icon icon="thumbtack" iconType="duotone" color="#419AC5" size={24} style={{ paddingRight: '8px' }} />  Equals <DocsBadge text="Inherited" variant="neutral" />

<Note>Inherited from `object`</Note>

#### Syntax

```csharp
public static bool Equals(object objA, object objB)
```

#### Parameters

| Name | Type | Description |
|------|------|-------------|
| `objA` | `object?` | - |
| `objB` | `object?` | - |

#### Returns

Type: `bool`

### <Icon icon="code-fork" iconType="duotone" color="#419AC5" size={24} style={{ paddingRight: '8px' }} />  GetHashCode <DocsBadge text="Inherited" variant="neutral" /> <DocsBadge text="Virtual" variant="warning" />

<Note>Inherited from `object`</Note>

#### Syntax

```csharp
public virtual int GetHashCode()
```

#### Returns

Type: `int`

### <Icon icon="function" iconType="duotone" color="#419AC5" size={24} style={{ paddingRight: '8px' }} />  GetType <DocsBadge text="Inherited" variant="neutral" />

<Note>Inherited from `object`</Note>

#### Syntax

```csharp
public System.Type GetType()
```

#### Returns

Type: `System.Type`

### <Icon icon="function" iconType="duotone" color="#419AC5" size={24} style={{ paddingRight: '8px' }} />  MemberwiseClone <DocsBadge text="Inherited" variant="neutral" />

<Note>Inherited from `object`</Note>

#### Syntax

```csharp
protected internal object MemberwiseClone()
```

#### Returns

Type: `object`

### <Icon icon="thumbtack" iconType="duotone" color="#419AC5" size={24} style={{ paddingRight: '8px' }} />  ReferenceEquals <DocsBadge text="Inherited" variant="neutral" />

<Note>Inherited from `object`</Note>

#### Syntax

```csharp
public static bool ReferenceEquals(object objA, object objB)
```

#### Parameters

| Name | Type | Description |
|------|------|-------------|
| `objA` | `object?` | - |
| `objB` | `object?` | - |

#### Returns

Type: `bool`

### <Icon icon="code-fork" iconType="duotone" color="#419AC5" size={24} style={{ paddingRight: '8px' }} />  ToString <DocsBadge text="Inherited" variant="neutral" /> <DocsBadge text="Virtual" variant="warning" />

<Note>Inherited from `object`</Note>

#### Syntax

```csharp
public virtual string ToString()
```

#### Returns

Type: `string?`

Commit message:

Fix nav names Fix DocReference copies

src/CloudNimble.DotNetDocs.Docs/api-reference/CloudNimble/DotNetDocs/Core/DocumentationReference.mdx, after:

---
title: DocumentationReference
description: "Represents a reference to external documentation to be combined into a documentation collection."
icon: file-brackets-curly
keywords: ['DocumentationReference', 'CloudNimble.DotNetDocs.Core.DocumentationReference', 'CloudNimble.DotNetDocs.Core', 'class', 'System.Object']
---

import { DocsBadge } from '/snippets/DocsBadge.jsx';

## Definition

**Assembly:** CloudNimble.DotNetDocs.Core.dll

**Namespace:** CloudNimble.DotNetDocs.Core

**Inheritance:** System.Object

## Syntax

```csharp
CloudNimble.DotNetDocs.Core.DocumentationReference
```

## Summary

Represents a reference to external documentation to be combined into a documentation collection.

## Remarks

This class encapsulates information needed to copy documentation files from a referenced project
            and integrate its navigation structure into a collection portal. Similar to MSBuild's ProjectReference,
            but for documentation outputs.

## Constructors

### <Icon icon="hammer" iconType="duotone" color="#419AC5" size={24} style={{ paddingRight: '8px' }} />  .ctor

Initializes a new instance of the [DocumentationReference](/api-reference/CloudNimble/DotNetDocs/Core/DocumentationReference) class.

#### Syntax

```csharp
public DocumentationReference()
```

### <Icon icon="hammer" iconType="duotone" color="#419AC5" size={24} style={{ paddingRight: '8px' }} />  .ctor

Initializes a new instance of the [DocumentationReference](/api-reference/CloudNimble/DotNetDocs/Core/DocumentationReference) class with a project path.

#### Syntax

```csharp
public DocumentationReference(string projectPath)
```

#### Parameters

| Name | Type | Description |
|------|------|-------------|
| `projectPath` | `string` | The path to the .docsproj file being referenced. |

### <Icon icon="hammer" iconType="duotone" color="#419AC5" size={24} style={{ paddingRight: '8px' }} />  .ctor <DocsBadge text="Inherited" variant="neutral" />

<Note>Inherited from `object`</Note>

#### Syntax

```csharp
public Object()
```

## Properties

### <Icon icon="tag" iconType="duotone" color="#419AC5" size={24} style={{ paddingRight: '8px' }} />  DestinationPath

Gets or sets the path to the destination folder within the collection's documentation root.

#### Syntax

```csharp
public string DestinationPath { get; set; }
```

#### Property Value

Type: `string`
The relative path where referenced documentation will be copied.

#### Examples

For a microservice named "auth-service", this might be "services/auth".

### <Icon icon="tag" iconType="duotone" color="#419AC5" size={24} style={{ paddingRight: '8px' }} />  DocumentationRoot

Gets or sets the root directory containing the referenced documentation outputs.

#### Syntax

```csharp
public string DocumentationRoot { get; set; }
```

#### Property Value

Type: `string`
The absolute path to the documentation root of the referenced project.

#### Examples

C:\repos\auth-service\docs

### <Icon icon="tag" iconType="duotone" color="#419AC5" size={24} style={{ paddingRight: '8px' }} />  DocumentationType

Gets or sets the documentation type of the referenced project.

#### Syntax

```csharp
public string DocumentationType { get; set; }
```

#### Property Value

Type: `string`
The documentation format (e.g., "Mintlify", "DocFX", "MkDocs").

#### Remarks

This determines which file patterns to copy and whether navigation combining is supported.

### <Icon icon="tag" iconType="duotone" color="#419AC5" size={24} style={{ paddingRight: '8px' }} />  IntegrationType

Gets or sets the integration type for Mintlify navigation.

#### Syntax

```csharp
public string IntegrationType { get; set; }
```

#### Property Value

Type: `string`
Either "Tabs" or "Products" for Mintlify navigation structure.

#### Remarks

Only applicable when DocumentationType is "Mintlify". Determines whether the referenced
            documentation appears in the top-level tabs or in the products section.

### <Icon icon="tag" iconType="duotone" color="#419AC5" size={24} style={{ paddingRight: '8px' }} />  Name

Gets or sets the display name for this documentation reference in navigation.

#### Syntax

```csharp
public string Name { get; set; }
```

#### Property Value

Type: `string?`
The name to display for this documentation in tabs, products, or other navigation structures.

#### Remarks

When specified, this name is used instead of deriving the name from the project or other metadata.
            Useful for providing user-friendly names in navigation elements.

### <Icon icon="tag" iconType="duotone" color="#419AC5" size={24} style={{ paddingRight: '8px' }} />  NavigationFilePath

Gets or sets the path to the navigation configuration file for the referenced documentation.

#### Syntax

```csharp
public string NavigationFilePath { get; set; }
```

#### Property Value

Type: `string`
The absolute path to the navigation file (e.g., docs.json for Mintlify).

#### Examples

C:\repos\auth-service\docs\docs.json

### <Icon icon="tag" iconType="duotone" color="#419AC5" size={24} style={{ paddingRight: '8px' }} />  ProjectPath

Gets or sets the path to the .docsproj file being referenced.

#### Syntax

```csharp
public string ProjectPath { get; set; }
```

#### Property Value

Type: `string`
The absolute path to the documentation project file.

#### Examples

C:\repos\auth-service\docs\AuthService.docsproj

## Methods

### <Icon icon="code-fork" iconType="duotone" color="#419AC5" size={24} style={{ paddingRight: '8px' }} />  Equals <DocsBadge text="Inherited" variant="neutral" /> <DocsBadge text="Virtual" variant="warning" />

<Note>Inherited from `object`</Note>

#### Syntax

```csharp
public virtual bool Equals(object obj)
```

#### Parameters

| Name | Type | Description |
|------|------|-------------|
| `obj` | `object?` | - |

#### Returns

Type: `bool`

### <Icon icon="thumbtack" iconType="duotone" color="#419AC5" size={24} style={{ paddingRight: '8px' }} />  Equals <DocsBadge text="Inherited" variant="neutral" />

<Note>Inherited from `object`</Note>

#### Syntax

```csharp
public static bool Equals(object objA, object objB)
```

#### Parameters

| Name | Type | Description |
|------|------|-------------|
| `objA` | `object?` | - |
| `objB` | `object?` | - |

#### Returns

Type: `bool`

### <Icon icon="code-fork" iconType="duotone" color="#419AC5" size={24} style={{ paddingRight: '8px' }} />  GetHashCode <DocsBadge text="Inherited" variant="neutral" /> <DocsBadge text="Virtual" variant="warning" />

<Note>Inherited from `object`</Note>

#### Syntax

```csharp
public virtual int GetHashCode()
```

#### Returns

Type: `int`

### <Icon icon="function" iconType="duotone" color="#419AC5" size={24} style={{ paddingRight: '8px' }} />  GetType <DocsBadge text="Inherited" variant="neutral" />

<Note>Inherited from `object`</Note>

#### Syntax

```csharp
public System.Type GetType()
```

#### Returns

Type: `System.Type`

### <Icon icon="function" iconType="duotone" color="#419AC5" size={24} style={{ paddingRight: '8px' }} />  MemberwiseClone <DocsBadge text="Inherited" variant="neutral" />

<Note>Inherited from `object`</Note>

#### Syntax

```csharp
protected internal object MemberwiseClone()
```

#### Returns

Type: `object`

### <Icon icon="thumbtack" iconType="duotone" color="#419AC5" size={24} style={{ paddingRight: '8px' }} />  ReferenceEquals <DocsBadge text="Inherited" variant="neutral" />

<Note>Inherited from `object`</Note>

#### Syntax

```csharp
public static bool ReferenceEquals(object objA, object objB)
```

#### Parameters

| Name | Type | Description |
|------|------|-------------|
| `objA` | `object?` | - |
| `objB` | `object?` | - |

#### Returns

Type: `bool`

### <Icon icon="code-fork" iconType="duotone" color="#419AC5" size={24} style={{ paddingRight: '8px' }} />  ToString <DocsBadge text="Inherited" variant="neutral" /> <DocsBadge text="Virtual" variant="warning" />

<Note>Inherited from `object`</Note>

#### Syntax

```csharp
public virtual string ToString()
```

#### Returns

Type: `string?`
