src/CloudNimble.DotNetDocs.Docs/api-reference/CloudNimble/DotNetDocs/Core/ProjectContext.mdx, before:

---
title: ProjectContext
description: "Represents MSBuild project context for source intent in documentation generation."
icon: file-brackets-curly
keywords: ['ProjectContext', 'CloudNimble.DotNetDocs.Core.ProjectContext', 'CloudNimble.DotNetDocs.Core', 'class', 'System.Object']
---

## Definition

**Assembly:** CloudNimble.DotNetDocs.Core.dll

**Namespace:** CloudNimble.DotNetDocs.Core

**Inheritance:** System.Object

## Syntax

```csharp
CloudNimble.DotNetDocs.Core.ProjectContext
```

## Summary

Represents MSBuild project context for source intent in documentation generation.

## Remarks

Provides metadata such as referenced assembly paths and the conceptual documentation folder path.
             Used by `ProjectContext)` to enhance metadata extraction.

## Examples

```csharp
// Default (public members only)
var context = new ProjectContext("ref1.dll", "ref2.dll") { ConceptualPath = "conceptual" };

// Include public and internal members
var context = new ProjectContext([Accessibility.Public, Accessibility.Internal], "ref1.dll", "ref2.dll");

var model = await manager.DocumentAsync("MyLib.dll", "MyLib.xml", context);
```

## Constructors

### <Icon icon="hammer" iconType="duotone" color="#419AC5" size={24} className="mr-2" /> .ctor

Initializes a new instance of [ProjectContext](/api-reference/CloudNimble/DotNetDocs/Core/ProjectContext) with default settings.

#### Syntax

```csharp
public ProjectContext()
```

### <Icon icon="hammer" iconType="duotone" color="#419AC5" size={24} className="mr-2" /> .ctor

Initializes a new instance of [ProjectContext](/api-reference/CloudNimble/DotNetDocs/Core/ProjectContext) with optional included members and referenced assemblies.

#### Syntax

```csharp
public ProjectContext(System.Collections.Generic.List<Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Accessibility> includedMembers, params string[] references)
```

#### Parameters

| Name | Type | Description |
|------|------|-------------|
| `includedMembers` | `System.Collections.Generic.List<Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Accessibility?>?` | List of member accessibilities to include. Defaults to Public if null. |
| `references` | `string[]?` | Paths to referenced assemblies. |

### <Icon icon="hammer" iconType="duotone" color="#419AC5" size={24} className="mr-2" /> .ctor <Badge color="gray">Inherited</Badge>

<Note>Inherited from `object`</Note>

#### Syntax

```csharp
public Object()
```

## Properties

### <Icon icon="tag" iconType="duotone" color="#419AC5" size={24} className="mr-2" /> ApiReferencePath

Gets or sets the path to the API reference documentation.

#### Syntax

```csharp
public string ApiReferencePath { get; set; }
```

#### Property Value

Type: `string`

### <Icon icon="tag" iconType="duotone" color="#419AC5" size={24} className="mr-2" /> ConceptualDocsEnabled

Gets or sets whether conceptual documentation features are enabled.

#### Syntax

```csharp
public bool ConceptualDocsEnabled { get; set; }
```

#### Property Value

Type: `bool`
When true (default), conceptual documentation files are generated for new types
            and existing conceptual content is loaded. When false, only API documentation
            from XML comments is processed.

### <Icon icon="tag" iconType="duotone" color="#419AC5" size={24} className="mr-2" /> ConceptualPath

Gets or sets the path to the conceptual documentation folder.

#### Syntax

```csharp
public string ConceptualPath { get; set; }
```

#### Property Value

Type: `string`
The file system path to the folder containing conceptual documentation files.

### <Icon icon="tag" iconType="duotone" color="#419AC5" size={24} className="mr-2" /> CreateExternalTypeReferences

Gets or sets whether to create documentation for external types that have extension methods.

#### Syntax

```csharp
public bool CreateExternalTypeReferences { get; set; }
```

#### Property Value

Type: `bool`
`true` to create minimal [DocType](/api-reference/CloudNimble/DotNetDocs/Core/DocType) entries for types outside the assembly
            that are extended by extension methods; `false` to only relocate extensions for types
            within the assembly. Default is `true`.

#### Remarks

When enabled, extending `IServiceCollection` creates a documentation page showing
            only your extension methods, with a link to Microsoft's official documentation for the
            complete type definition.

### <Icon icon="tag" iconType="duotone" color="#419AC5" size={24} className="mr-2" /> DocumentationReferences

Gets or sets the collection of external documentation references to combine into this documentation collection.

#### Syntax

```csharp
public System.Collections.Generic.List<CloudNimble.DotNetDocs.Core.DocumentationReference> DocumentationReferences { get; set; }
```

#### Property Value

Type: `System.Collections.Generic.List<CloudNimble.DotNetDocs.Core.DocumentationReference>`
A list of [DocumentationReference](/api-reference/CloudNimble/DotNetDocs/Core/DocumentationReference) objects representing external documentation to be combined.

#### Examples

```csharp
var context = new ProjectContext
{
    DocumentationReferences = new List&lt;DocumentationReference&gt;
    {
        new DocumentationReference
        {
            ProjectPath = @"C:\repos\auth-service\docs\AuthService.docsproj",
            DocumentationRoot = @"C:\repos\auth-service\docs",
            DestinationPath = "services/auth",
            DocumentationType = "Mintlify",
            IntegrationType = "Tabs"
        }
    }
};
```

#### Remarks

Similar to MSBuild's ProjectReference, this allows creating unified documentation portals by combining
            multiple separate .docsproj outputs. Each reference specifies where to copy files from and how to
            integrate navigation.

### <Icon icon="tag" iconType="duotone" color="#419AC5" size={24} className="mr-2" /> DocumentationRootPath

Gets or sets the output path for generated documentation.

#### Syntax

```csharp
public string DocumentationRootPath { get; set; }
```

#### Property Value

Type: `string`
The file system path where documentation output will be generated.

### <Icon icon="tag" iconType="duotone" color="#419AC5" size={24} className="mr-2" /> ExcludedTypes

Gets or sets the list of type patterns to exclude from documentation.

#### Syntax

```csharp
public System.Collections.Generic.HashSet<string> ExcludedTypes { get; set; }
```

#### Property Value

Type: `System.Collections.Generic.HashSet<string>`
Set of type patterns to exclude. Supports wildcards (*) for flexible matching.
            This is useful for filtering out compiler-generated or test framework-injected types.

#### Examples

ExcludedTypes = new HashSet&lt;string&gt;
{
    "*.MicrosoftTestingPlatformEntryPoint",  // Matches in any namespace
    "*.SelfRegisteredExtensions",             // Matches in any namespace
    "System.Runtime.CompilerServices.*"       // Matches any type in this namespace
}

#### Remarks

Patterns can use wildcards:
            - "*.TypeName" matches TypeName in any namespace
            - "Namespace.*.TypeName" matches TypeName in any sub-namespace of Namespace
            - "Full.Namespace.TypeName" matches exact fully qualified type name

### <Icon icon="tag" iconType="duotone" color="#419AC5" size={24} className="mr-2" /> FileNamingOptions

Gets or sets the file naming options for documentation generation.

#### Syntax

```csharp
public CloudNimble.DotNetDocs.Core.Configuration.FileNamingOptions FileNamingOptions { get; set; }
```

#### Property Value

Type: `CloudNimble.DotNetDocs.Core.Configuration.FileNamingOptions`
Configuration for how documentation files are named and organized.

### <Icon icon="tag" iconType="duotone" color="#419AC5" size={24} className="mr-2" /> IncludedMembers

Gets or sets the list of member accessibilities to include in documentation.

#### Syntax

```csharp
public System.Collections.Generic.List<Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Accessibility> IncludedMembers { get; set; }
```

#### Property Value

Type: `System.Collections.Generic.List<Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Accessibility>`
List of accessibility levels to include. Defaults to Public only.

### <Icon icon="tag" iconType="duotone" color="#419AC5" size={24} className="mr-2" /> IncludeFields

Gets or sets whether to include fields in the documentation.

#### Syntax

```csharp
public bool IncludeFields { get; set; }
```

#### Property Value

Type: `bool`
When true, public fields (including constants) are included in the documentation.
            Defaults to false since fields are generally discouraged in favor of properties.

### <Icon icon="tag" iconType="duotone" color="#419AC5" size={24} className="mr-2" /> IncludeSystemObjectInheritance

Gets or sets whether to include members inherited from [Object](https://learn.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.object).

#### Syntax

```csharp
public bool IncludeSystemObjectInheritance { get; set; }
```

#### Property Value

Type: `bool`
`true` to document `ToString()`, `GetHashCode()`, `Equals()`, etc.
            on every type; `false` to exclude these common members. Default is `true`.

#### Remarks

Setting this to `false` reduces documentation noise while still including
            members inherited from other base types and interfaces. This matches the behavior
            of Microsoft's official .NET documentation.

### <Icon icon="tag" iconType="duotone" color="#419AC5" size={24} className="mr-2" /> References

Gets or sets the collection of paths to referenced assemblies.

#### Syntax

```csharp
public System.Collections.Generic.List<string> References { get; set; }
```

#### Property Value

Type: `System.Collections.Generic.List<string>`
A collection of file system paths to assemblies referenced by the project being documented.

### <Icon icon="tag" iconType="duotone" color="#419AC5" size={24} className="mr-2" /> ShowPlaceholders

Gets or sets whether to show placeholder content in the documentation.

#### Syntax

```csharp
public bool ShowPlaceholders { get; set; }
```

#### Property Value

Type: `bool`
When true (default), placeholder content is included. When false, files containing the
            TODO marker comment are skipped during loading.

## Methods

### <Icon icon="function" iconType="duotone" color="#419AC5" size={24} className="mr-2" /> EnsureOutputDirectoryStructure

Ensures that the output directory structure exists for all namespaces in the assembly model.

#### Syntax

```csharp
public void EnsureOutputDirectoryStructure(CloudNimble.DotNetDocs.Core.DocAssembly assemblyModel, string outputPath)
```

#### Parameters

| Name | Type | Description |
|------|------|-------------|
| `assemblyModel` | `CloudNimble.DotNetDocs.Core.DocAssembly` | The assembly model containing namespaces to create directories for. |
| `outputPath` | `string` | The base output path where directories will be created. |

#### Remarks

This method creates the necessary folder structure when using Folder mode.
            In File mode, it simply ensures the base output directory exists.
            This centralizes folder creation logic so renderers can assume directories exist.

### <Icon icon="code-fork" iconType="duotone" color="#419AC5" size={24} className="mr-2" /> Equals <Badge color="gray">Inherited</Badge> <Badge color="orange">Virtual</Badge>

<Note>Inherited from `object`</Note>

#### Syntax

```csharp
public virtual bool Equals(object obj)
```

#### Parameters

| Name | Type | Description |
|------|------|-------------|
| `obj` | `object?` | - |

#### Returns

Type: `bool`

### <Icon icon="thumbtack" iconType="duotone" color="#419AC5" size={24} className="mr-2" /> Equals <Badge color="gray">Inherited</Badge>

<Note>Inherited from `object`</Note>

#### Syntax

```csharp
public static bool Equals(object objA, object objB)
```

#### Parameters

| Name | Type | Description |
|------|------|-------------|
| `objA` | `object?` | - |
| `objB` | `object?` | - |

#### Returns

Type: `bool`

### <Icon icon="function" iconType="duotone" color="#419AC5" size={24} className="mr-2" /> GetFullConceptualPath

Gets the full path to the conceptual documentation folder.

#### Syntax

```csharp
public string GetFullConceptualPath()
```

#### Returns

Type: `string`
The absolute path to the conceptual documentation folder if [ProjectContext.ConceptualPath](/api-reference/CloudNimble/DotNetDocs/Core/ProjectContext#conceptualpath) is absolute,
             or the path combined with [ProjectContext.DocumentationRootPath](/api-reference/CloudNimble/DotNetDocs/Core/ProjectContext#documentationrootpath) if [ProjectContext.ConceptualPath](/api-reference/CloudNimble/DotNetDocs/Core/ProjectContext#conceptualpath) is relative.

#### Examples

```csharp
// When ConceptualPath is absolute
context.ConceptualPath = "C:\\Docs\\conceptual";
var path = context.GetFullConceptualPath(); // Returns "C:\Docs\conceptual"

// When ConceptualPath is relative
context.DocumentationRootPath = "C:\\Docs";
context.ConceptualPath = "conceptual";
var path = context.GetFullConceptualPath(); // Returns "C:\Docs\conceptual"
```

#### Remarks

This method ensures that conceptual paths are always resolved to absolute paths,
             making it easier to work with conceptual documentation files regardless of whether
             the path is configured as relative or absolute.

### <Icon icon="code-fork" iconType="duotone" color="#419AC5" size={24} className="mr-2" /> GetHashCode <Badge color="gray">Inherited</Badge> <Badge color="orange">Virtual</Badge>

<Note>Inherited from `object`</Note>

#### Syntax

```csharp
public virtual int GetHashCode()
```

#### Returns

Type: `int`

### <Icon icon="function" iconType="duotone" color="#419AC5" size={24} className="mr-2" /> GetNamespaceFolderPath

Converts a namespace string to a folder path based on the configured file naming options.

#### Syntax

```csharp
public string GetNamespaceFolderPath(string namespaceName)
```

#### Parameters

| Name | Type | Description |
|------|------|-------------|
| `namespaceName` | `string` | The namespace name to convert (e.g., "System.Collections.Generic"). |

#### Returns

Type: `string`
The folder path representation of the namespace.

#### Remarks

When [FileNamingOptions.NamespaceMode](/api-reference/CloudNimble/DotNetDocs/Core/Configuration/FileNamingOptions#namespacemode) is [NamespaceMode.Folder](/api-reference/CloudNimble/DotNetDocs/Core/Configuration/NamespaceMode#folder),
            this returns a path with folders for each namespace part (e.g., "System/Collections/Generic").
            When using [NamespaceMode.File](/api-reference/CloudNimble/DotNetDocs/Core/Configuration/NamespaceMode#file), this returns an empty string as no folder
            structure is created.

### <Icon icon="function" iconType="duotone" color="#419AC5" size={24} className="mr-2" /> GetSafeNamespaceName

Gets the safe namespace name for a given namespace symbol.

#### Syntax

```csharp
public string GetSafeNamespaceName(Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.INamespaceSymbol namespaceSymbol)
```

#### Parameters

| Name | Type | Description |
|------|------|-------------|
| `namespaceSymbol` | `Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.INamespaceSymbol` | The namespace symbol. |

#### Returns

Type: `string`
A safe namespace name, using "global" for the global namespace.

### <Icon icon="function" iconType="duotone" color="#419AC5" size={24} className="mr-2" /> GetType <Badge color="gray">Inherited</Badge>

<Note>Inherited from `object`</Note>

#### Syntax

```csharp
public System.Type GetType()
```

#### Returns

Type: `System.Type`

### <Icon icon="function" iconType="duotone" color="#419AC5" size={24} className="mr-2" /> GetTypeFilePath

Gets the full file path for a type, including namespace folder structure if in Folder mode.

#### Syntax

```csharp
public string GetTypeFilePath(string fullyQualifiedTypeName, string extension)
```

#### Parameters

| Name | Type | Description |
|------|------|-------------|
| `fullyQualifiedTypeName` | `string` | The fully qualified type name (e.g., "System.Text.Json.JsonSerializer"). |
| `extension` | `string` | The file extension without the dot (e.g., "md", "yaml"). |

#### Returns

Type: `string`
The file path for the type.

#### Remarks

In Folder mode: "System.Text.Json.JsonSerializer" becomes "System/Text/Json/JsonSerializer.md"
            In File mode: "System.Text.Json.JsonSerializer" becomes "System_Text_Json_JsonSerializer.md" (using configured separator)

### <Icon icon="function" iconType="duotone" color="#419AC5" size={24} className="mr-2" /> IsTypeExcluded

Checks if a type should be excluded from documentation based on exclusion patterns.

#### Syntax

```csharp
public bool IsTypeExcluded(string fullyQualifiedTypeName)
```

#### Parameters

| Name | Type | Description |
|------|------|-------------|
| `fullyQualifiedTypeName` | `string` | The fully qualified type name to check. |

#### Returns

Type: `bool`
True if the type should be excluded; otherwise, false.

### <Icon icon="function" iconType="duotone" color="#419AC5" size={24} className="mr-2" /> MemberwiseClone <Badge color="gray">Inherited</Badge>

<Note>Inherited from `object`</Note>

#### Syntax

```csharp
protected internal object MemberwiseClone()
```

#### Returns

Type: `object`

### <Icon icon="thumbtack" iconType="duotone" color="#419AC5" size={24} className="mr-2" /> ReferenceEquals <Badge color="gray">Inherited</Badge>

<Note>Inherited from `object`</Note>

#### Syntax

```csharp
public static bool ReferenceEquals(object objA, object objB)
```

#### Parameters

| Name | Type | Description |
|------|------|-------------|
| `objA` | `object?` | - |
| `objB` | `object?` | - |

#### Returns

Type: `bool`

### <Icon icon="code-fork" iconType="duotone" color="#419AC5" size={24} className="mr-2" /> ToString <Badge color="gray">Inherited</Badge> <Badge color="orange">Virtual</Badge>

<Note>Inherited from `object`</Note>

#### Syntax

```csharp
public virtual string ToString()
```

#### Returns

Type: `string?`

Commit message:

Compiling documentation-only projects (no assemblies)

src/CloudNimble.DotNetDocs.Docs/api-reference/CloudNimble/DotNetDocs/Core/ProjectContext.mdx, after:

---
title: ProjectContext
description: "Represents MSBuild project context for source intent in documentation generation."
icon: file-brackets-curly
keywords: ['ProjectContext', 'CloudNimble.DotNetDocs.Core.ProjectContext', 'CloudNimble.DotNetDocs.Core', 'class', 'System.Object']
---

## Definition

**Assembly:** CloudNimble.DotNetDocs.Core.dll

**Namespace:** CloudNimble.DotNetDocs.Core

**Inheritance:** System.Object

## Syntax

```csharp
CloudNimble.DotNetDocs.Core.ProjectContext
```

## Summary

Represents MSBuild project context for source intent in documentation generation.

## Remarks

Provides metadata such as referenced assembly paths and the conceptual documentation folder path.
             Used by `ProjectContext)` to enhance metadata extraction.

## Examples

```csharp
// Default (public members only)
var context = new ProjectContext("ref1.dll", "ref2.dll") { ConceptualPath = "conceptual" };

// Include public and internal members
var context = new ProjectContext([Accessibility.Public, Accessibility.Internal], "ref1.dll", "ref2.dll");

var model = await manager.DocumentAsync("MyLib.dll", "MyLib.xml", context);
```

## Constructors

### <Icon icon="hammer" iconType="duotone" color="#419AC5" size={24} className="mr-2" /> .ctor

Initializes a new instance of [ProjectContext](/api-reference/CloudNimble/DotNetDocs/Core/ProjectContext) with default settings.

#### Syntax

```csharp
public ProjectContext()
```

### <Icon icon="hammer" iconType="duotone" color="#419AC5" size={24} className="mr-2" /> .ctor

Initializes a new instance of [ProjectContext](/api-reference/CloudNimble/DotNetDocs/Core/ProjectContext) with optional included members and referenced assemblies.

#### Syntax

```csharp
public ProjectContext(System.Collections.Generic.List<Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Accessibility> includedMembers, params string[] references)
```

#### Parameters

| Name | Type | Description |
|------|------|-------------|
| `includedMembers` | `System.Collections.Generic.List<Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Accessibility?>?` | List of member accessibilities to include. Defaults to Public if null. |
| `references` | `string[]?` | Paths to referenced assemblies. |

### <Icon icon="hammer" iconType="duotone" color="#419AC5" size={24} className="mr-2" /> .ctor <Badge color="gray">Inherited</Badge>

<Note>Inherited from `object`</Note>

#### Syntax

```csharp
public Object()
```

## Properties

### <Icon icon="tag" iconType="duotone" color="#419AC5" size={24} className="mr-2" /> ApiReferencePath

Gets or sets the path to the API reference documentation.

#### Syntax

```csharp
public string ApiReferencePath { get; set; }
```

#### Property Value

Type: `string`

### <Icon icon="tag" iconType="duotone" color="#419AC5" size={24} className="mr-2" /> ConceptualDocsEnabled

Gets or sets whether conceptual documentation features are enabled.

#### Syntax

```csharp
public bool ConceptualDocsEnabled { get; set; }
```

#### Property Value

Type: `bool`
When true (default), conceptual documentation files are generated for new types
            and existing conceptual content is loaded. When false, only API documentation
            from XML comments is processed.

### <Icon icon="tag" iconType="duotone" color="#419AC5" size={24} className="mr-2" /> ConceptualPath

Gets or sets the path to the conceptual documentation folder.

#### Syntax

```csharp
public string ConceptualPath { get; set; }
```

#### Property Value

Type: `string`
The file system path to the folder containing conceptual documentation files.

### <Icon icon="tag" iconType="duotone" color="#419AC5" size={24} className="mr-2" /> CreateExternalTypeReferences

Gets or sets whether to create documentation for external types that have extension methods.

#### Syntax

```csharp
public bool CreateExternalTypeReferences { get; set; }
```

#### Property Value

Type: `bool`
`true` to create minimal [DocType](/api-reference/CloudNimble/DotNetDocs/Core/DocType) entries for types outside the assembly
            that are extended by extension methods; `false` to only relocate extensions for types
            within the assembly. Default is `true`.

#### Remarks

When enabled, extending `IServiceCollection` creates a documentation page showing
            only your extension methods, with a link to Microsoft's official documentation for the
            complete type definition.

### <Icon icon="tag" iconType="duotone" color="#419AC5" size={24} className="mr-2" /> DocumentationReferences

Gets or sets the collection of external documentation references to combine into this documentation collection.

#### Syntax

```csharp
public System.Collections.Generic.List<CloudNimble.DotNetDocs.Core.DocumentationReference> DocumentationReferences { get; set; }
```

#### Property Value

Type: `System.Collections.Generic.List<CloudNimble.DotNetDocs.Core.DocumentationReference>`
A list of [DocumentationReference](/api-reference/CloudNimble/DotNetDocs/Core/DocumentationReference) objects representing external documentation to be combined.

#### Examples

```csharp
var context = new ProjectContext
{
    DocumentationReferences = new List&lt;DocumentationReference&gt;
    {
        new DocumentationReference
        {
            ProjectPath = @"C:\repos\auth-service\docs\AuthService.docsproj",
            DocumentationRoot = @"C:\repos\auth-service\docs",
            DestinationPath = "services/auth",
            DocumentationType = "Mintlify",
            IntegrationType = "Tabs"
        }
    }
};
```

#### Remarks

Similar to MSBuild's ProjectReference, this allows creating unified documentation portals by combining
            multiple separate .docsproj outputs. Each reference specifies where to copy files from and how to
            integrate navigation.

### <Icon icon="tag" iconType="duotone" color="#419AC5" size={24} className="mr-2" /> DocumentationRootPath

Gets or sets the output path for generated documentation.

#### Syntax

```csharp
public string DocumentationRootPath { get; set; }
```

#### Property Value

Type: `string`
The file system path where documentation output will be generated.

### <Icon icon="tag" iconType="duotone" color="#419AC5" size={24} className="mr-2" /> ExcludedTypes

Gets or sets the list of type patterns to exclude from documentation.

#### Syntax

```csharp
public System.Collections.Generic.HashSet<string> ExcludedTypes { get; set; }
```

#### Property Value

Type: `System.Collections.Generic.HashSet<string>`
Set of type patterns to exclude. Supports wildcards (*) for flexible matching.
            This is useful for filtering out compiler-generated or test framework-injected types.

#### Examples

ExcludedTypes = new HashSet&lt;string&gt;
{
    "*.MicrosoftTestingPlatformEntryPoint",  // Matches in any namespace
    "*.SelfRegisteredExtensions",             // Matches in any namespace
    "System.Runtime.CompilerServices.*"       // Matches any type in this namespace
}

#### Remarks

Patterns can use wildcards:
            - "*.TypeName" matches TypeName in any namespace
            - "Namespace.*.TypeName" matches TypeName in any sub-namespace of Namespace
            - "Full.Namespace.TypeName" matches exact fully qualified type name

### <Icon icon="tag" iconType="duotone" color="#419AC5" size={24} className="mr-2" /> FileNamingOptions

Gets or sets the file naming options for documentation generation.

#### Syntax

```csharp
public CloudNimble.DotNetDocs.Core.Configuration.FileNamingOptions FileNamingOptions { get; set; }
```

#### Property Value

Type: `CloudNimble.DotNetDocs.Core.Configuration.FileNamingOptions`
Configuration for how documentation files are named and organized.

### <Icon icon="tag" iconType="duotone" color="#419AC5" size={24} className="mr-2" /> HasMintlifyTemplate

Gets or sets whether a MintlifyTemplate is defined.

#### Syntax

```csharp
public bool HasMintlifyTemplate { get; set; }
```

#### Property Value

Type: `bool`
When true, docs.json will be generated even without assemblies to document.
            The presence of a template is an explicit signal that the user wants documentation output.

### <Icon icon="tag" iconType="duotone" color="#419AC5" size={24} className="mr-2" /> IncludedMembers

Gets or sets the list of member accessibilities to include in documentation.

#### Syntax

```csharp
public System.Collections.Generic.List<Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Accessibility> IncludedMembers { get; set; }
```

#### Property Value

Type: `System.Collections.Generic.List<Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Accessibility>`
List of accessibility levels to include. Defaults to Public only.

### <Icon icon="tag" iconType="duotone" color="#419AC5" size={24} className="mr-2" /> IncludeFields

Gets or sets whether to include fields in the documentation.

#### Syntax

```csharp
public bool IncludeFields { get; set; }
```

#### Property Value

Type: `bool`
When true, public fields (including constants) are included in the documentation.
            Defaults to false since fields are generally discouraged in favor of properties.

### <Icon icon="tag" iconType="duotone" color="#419AC5" size={24} className="mr-2" /> IncludeSystemObjectInheritance

Gets or sets whether to include members inherited from [Object](https://learn.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.object).

#### Syntax

```csharp
public bool IncludeSystemObjectInheritance { get; set; }
```

#### Property Value

Type: `bool`
`true` to document `ToString()`, `GetHashCode()`, `Equals()`, etc.
            on every type; `false` to exclude these common members. Default is `true`.

#### Remarks

Setting this to `false` reduces documentation noise while still including
            members inherited from other base types and interfaces. This matches the behavior
            of Microsoft's official .NET documentation.

### <Icon icon="tag" iconType="duotone" color="#419AC5" size={24} className="mr-2" /> References

Gets or sets the collection of paths to referenced assemblies.

#### Syntax

```csharp
public System.Collections.Generic.List<string> References { get; set; }
```

#### Property Value

Type: `System.Collections.Generic.List<string>`
A collection of file system paths to assemblies referenced by the project being documented.

### <Icon icon="tag" iconType="duotone" color="#419AC5" size={24} className="mr-2" /> ShowPlaceholders

Gets or sets whether to show placeholder content in the documentation.

#### Syntax

```csharp
public bool ShowPlaceholders { get; set; }
```

#### Property Value

Type: `bool`
When true (default), placeholder content is included. When false, files containing the
            TODO marker comment are skipped during loading.

## Methods

### <Icon icon="function" iconType="duotone" color="#419AC5" size={24} className="mr-2" /> EnsureOutputDirectoryStructure

Ensures that the output directory structure exists for all namespaces in the assembly model.

#### Syntax

```csharp
public void EnsureOutputDirectoryStructure(CloudNimble.DotNetDocs.Core.DocAssembly assemblyModel, string outputPath)
```

#### Parameters

| Name | Type | Description |
|------|------|-------------|
| `assemblyModel` | `CloudNimble.DotNetDocs.Core.DocAssembly` | The assembly model containing namespaces to create directories for. |
| `outputPath` | `string` | The base output path where directories will be created. |

#### Remarks

This method creates the necessary folder structure when using Folder mode.
            In File mode, it simply ensures the base output directory exists.
            This centralizes folder creation logic so renderers can assume directories exist.

### <Icon icon="code-fork" iconType="duotone" color="#419AC5" size={24} className="mr-2" /> Equals <Badge color="gray">Inherited</Badge> <Badge color="orange">Virtual</Badge>

<Note>Inherited from `object`</Note>

#### Syntax

```csharp
public virtual bool Equals(object obj)
```

#### Parameters

| Name | Type | Description |
|------|------|-------------|
| `obj` | `object?` | - |

#### Returns

Type: `bool`

### <Icon icon="thumbtack" iconType="duotone" color="#419AC5" size={24} className="mr-2" /> Equals <Badge color="gray">Inherited</Badge>

<Note>Inherited from `object`</Note>

#### Syntax

```csharp
public static bool Equals(object objA, object objB)
```

#### Parameters

| Name | Type | Description |
|------|------|-------------|
| `objA` | `object?` | - |
| `objB` | `object?` | - |

#### Returns

Type: `bool`

### <Icon icon="function" iconType="duotone" color="#419AC5" size={24} className="mr-2" /> GetFullConceptualPath

Gets the full path to the conceptual documentation folder.

#### Syntax

```csharp
public string GetFullConceptualPath()
```

#### Returns

Type: `string`
The absolute path to the conceptual documentation folder if [ProjectContext.ConceptualPath](/api-reference/CloudNimble/DotNetDocs/Core/ProjectContext#conceptualpath) is absolute,
             or the path combined with [ProjectContext.DocumentationRootPath](/api-reference/CloudNimble/DotNetDocs/Core/ProjectContext#documentationrootpath) if [ProjectContext.ConceptualPath](/api-reference/CloudNimble/DotNetDocs/Core/ProjectContext#conceptualpath) is relative.

#### Examples

```csharp
// When ConceptualPath is absolute
context.ConceptualPath = "C:\\Docs\\conceptual";
var path = context.GetFullConceptualPath(); // Returns "C:\Docs\conceptual"

// When ConceptualPath is relative
context.DocumentationRootPath = "C:\\Docs";
context.ConceptualPath = "conceptual";
var path = context.GetFullConceptualPath(); // Returns "C:\Docs\conceptual"
```

#### Remarks

This method ensures that conceptual paths are always resolved to absolute paths,
             making it easier to work with conceptual documentation files regardless of whether
             the path is configured as relative or absolute.

### <Icon icon="code-fork" iconType="duotone" color="#419AC5" size={24} className="mr-2" /> GetHashCode <Badge color="gray">Inherited</Badge> <Badge color="orange">Virtual</Badge>

<Note>Inherited from `object`</Note>

#### Syntax

```csharp
public virtual int GetHashCode()
```

#### Returns

Type: `int`

### <Icon icon="function" iconType="duotone" color="#419AC5" size={24} className="mr-2" /> GetNamespaceFolderPath

Converts a namespace string to a folder path based on the configured file naming options.

#### Syntax

```csharp
public string GetNamespaceFolderPath(string namespaceName)
```

#### Parameters

| Name | Type | Description |
|------|------|-------------|
| `namespaceName` | `string` | The namespace name to convert (e.g., "System.Collections.Generic"). |

#### Returns

Type: `string`
The folder path representation of the namespace.

#### Remarks

When [FileNamingOptions.NamespaceMode](/api-reference/CloudNimble/DotNetDocs/Core/Configuration/FileNamingOptions#namespacemode) is [NamespaceMode.Folder](/api-reference/CloudNimble/DotNetDocs/Core/Configuration/NamespaceMode#folder),
            this returns a path with folders for each namespace part (e.g., "System/Collections/Generic").
            When using [NamespaceMode.File](/api-reference/CloudNimble/DotNetDocs/Core/Configuration/NamespaceMode#file), this returns an empty string as no folder
            structure is created.

### <Icon icon="function" iconType="duotone" color="#419AC5" size={24} className="mr-2" /> GetSafeNamespaceName

Gets the safe namespace name for a given namespace symbol.

#### Syntax

```csharp
public string GetSafeNamespaceName(Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.INamespaceSymbol namespaceSymbol)
```

#### Parameters

| Name | Type | Description |
|------|------|-------------|
| `namespaceSymbol` | `Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.INamespaceSymbol` | The namespace symbol. |

#### Returns

Type: `string`
A safe namespace name, using "global" for the global namespace.

### <Icon icon="function" iconType="duotone" color="#419AC5" size={24} className="mr-2" /> GetType <Badge color="gray">Inherited</Badge>

<Note>Inherited from `object`</Note>

#### Syntax

```csharp
public System.Type GetType()
```

#### Returns

Type: `System.Type`

### <Icon icon="function" iconType="duotone" color="#419AC5" size={24} className="mr-2" /> GetTypeFilePath

Gets the full file path for a type, including namespace folder structure if in Folder mode.

#### Syntax

```csharp
public string GetTypeFilePath(string fullyQualifiedTypeName, string extension)
```

#### Parameters

| Name | Type | Description |
|------|------|-------------|
| `fullyQualifiedTypeName` | `string` | The fully qualified type name (e.g., "System.Text.Json.JsonSerializer"). |
| `extension` | `string` | The file extension without the dot (e.g., "md", "yaml"). |

#### Returns

Type: `string`
The file path for the type.

#### Remarks

In Folder mode: "System.Text.Json.JsonSerializer" becomes "System/Text/Json/JsonSerializer.md"
            In File mode: "System.Text.Json.JsonSerializer" becomes "System_Text_Json_JsonSerializer.md" (using configured separator)

### <Icon icon="function" iconType="duotone" color="#419AC5" size={24} className="mr-2" /> IsTypeExcluded

Checks if a type should be excluded from documentation based on exclusion patterns.

#### Syntax

```csharp
public bool IsTypeExcluded(string fullyQualifiedTypeName)
```

#### Parameters

| Name | Type | Description |
|------|------|-------------|
| `fullyQualifiedTypeName` | `string` | The fully qualified type name to check. |

#### Returns

Type: `bool`
True if the type should be excluded; otherwise, false.

### <Icon icon="function" iconType="duotone" color="#419AC5" size={24} className="mr-2" /> MemberwiseClone <Badge color="gray">Inherited</Badge>

<Note>Inherited from `object`</Note>

#### Syntax

```csharp
protected internal object MemberwiseClone()
```

#### Returns

Type: `object`

### <Icon icon="thumbtack" iconType="duotone" color="#419AC5" size={24} className="mr-2" /> ReferenceEquals <Badge color="gray">Inherited</Badge>

<Note>Inherited from `object`</Note>

#### Syntax

```csharp
public static bool ReferenceEquals(object objA, object objB)
```

#### Parameters

| Name | Type | Description |
|------|------|-------------|
| `objA` | `object?` | - |
| `objB` | `object?` | - |

#### Returns

Type: `bool`

### <Icon icon="code-fork" iconType="duotone" color="#419AC5" size={24} className="mr-2" /> ToString <Badge color="gray">Inherited</Badge> <Badge color="orange">Virtual</Badge>

<Note>Inherited from `object`</Note>

#### Syntax

```csharp
public virtual string ToString()
```

#### Returns

Type: `string?`
