src/CloudNimble.DotNetDocs.Docs/api-reference/Mintlify/Core/Converters/ServerConfigConverter.mdx, before:

---
title: ServerConfigConverter
description: "Handles JSON conversion for server configuration properties that can be strings or arrays."
icon: file-brackets-curly
keywords: ['ServerConfigConverter', 'Mintlify.Core.Converters.ServerConfigConverter', 'Mintlify.Core.Converters', 'class', 'System.Text.Json.Serialization.JsonConverter<Mintlify.Core.Models.ServerConfig>']
---

## Definition

**Assembly:** Mintlify.Core.dll

**Namespace:** Mintlify.Core.Converters

**Inheritance:** System.Text.Json.Serialization.JsonConverter&lt;Mintlify.Core.Models.ServerConfig&gt;

## Syntax

```csharp
Mintlify.Core.Converters.ServerConfigConverter
```

## Summary

Handles JSON conversion for server configuration properties that can be strings or arrays.

## Remarks

Server configurations in Mintlify can be specified as:
            - String: Single server URL
            - Array: Multiple server URLs

## Constructors

### <Icon icon="hammer" iconType="duotone" color="#419AC5" size={24} style={{ paddingRight: '8px' }} />  .ctor

#### Syntax

```csharp
public ServerConfigConverter()
```

## Methods

### <Icon icon="code-merge" iconType="duotone" color="#419AC5" size={24} style={{ paddingRight: '8px' }} />  CanConvert

Determines whether the specified type can be converted by this converter.

#### Syntax

```csharp
public override bool CanConvert(System.Type typeToConvert)
```

#### Parameters

| Name | Type | Description |
|------|------|-------------|
| `typeToConvert` | `System.Type` | The type to convert. |

#### Returns

Type: `bool`
True if the type is ServerConfig; otherwise, false.

### <Icon icon="code-merge" iconType="duotone" color="#419AC5" size={24} style={{ paddingRight: '8px' }} />  Read

Reads and converts the JSON to a ServerConfig object.

#### Syntax

```csharp
public override Mintlify.Core.Models.ServerConfig Read(ref System.Text.Json.Utf8JsonReader reader, System.Type typeToConvert, System.Text.Json.JsonSerializerOptions options)
```

#### Parameters

| Name | Type | Description |
|------|------|-------------|
| `reader` | `System.Text.Json.Utf8JsonReader` | The JSON reader. |
| `typeToConvert` | `System.Type` | The type to convert to. |
| `options` | `System.Text.Json.JsonSerializerOptions` | The serializer options. |

#### Returns

Type: `Mintlify.Core.Models.ServerConfig?`
A ServerConfig for all supported server configuration formats.

#### Exceptions

| Exception | Description |
|-----------|-------------|
| `JsonException` | Thrown when the JSON token type is not supported. |

### <Icon icon="code-merge" iconType="duotone" color="#419AC5" size={24} style={{ paddingRight: '8px' }} />  Write

Writes the ServerConfig object to JSON.

#### Syntax

```csharp
public override void Write(System.Text.Json.Utf8JsonWriter writer, Mintlify.Core.Models.ServerConfig value, System.Text.Json.JsonSerializerOptions options)
```

#### Parameters

| Name | Type | Description |
|------|------|-------------|
| `writer` | `System.Text.Json.Utf8JsonWriter` | The JSON writer. |
| `value` | `Mintlify.Core.Models.ServerConfig?` | The ServerConfig value to write. |
| `options` | `System.Text.Json.JsonSerializerOptions` | The serializer options. |

Commit message:

1.1 Preview 1 - Fixing inheritance issues - Extension methods now in extended class - Merging classes to deal with concurrency issues when conceptual docs are written - Namespace Overview Page fixes and table rendering. - Hundreds more tests - Framework-specific baselines

src/CloudNimble.DotNetDocs.Docs/api-reference/Mintlify/Core/Converters/ServerConfigConverter.mdx, after:

---
title: ServerConfigConverter
description: "Handles JSON conversion for server configuration properties that can be strings or arrays."
icon: file-brackets-curly
keywords: ['ServerConfigConverter', 'Mintlify.Core.Converters.ServerConfigConverter', 'Mintlify.Core.Converters', 'class', 'System.Text.Json.Serialization.JsonConverter<Mintlify.Core.Models.ServerConfig>']
---

import { DocsBadge } from '/snippets/DocsBadge.jsx';

## Definition

**Assembly:** Mintlify.Core.dll

**Namespace:** Mintlify.Core.Converters

**Inheritance:** System.Text.Json.Serialization.JsonConverter&lt;Mintlify.Core.Models.ServerConfig&gt;

## Syntax

```csharp
Mintlify.Core.Converters.ServerConfigConverter
```

## Summary

Handles JSON conversion for server configuration properties that can be strings or arrays.

## Remarks

Server configurations in Mintlify can be specified as:
            - String: Single server URL
            - Array: Multiple server URLs

## Constructors

### <Icon icon="hammer" iconType="duotone" color="#419AC5" size={24} style={{ paddingRight: '8px' }} />  .ctor

#### Syntax

```csharp
public ServerConfigConverter()
```

## Methods

### <Icon icon="code-merge" iconType="duotone" color="#419AC5" size={24} style={{ paddingRight: '8px' }} />  CanConvert <DocsBadge text="Override" variant="info" />

Determines whether the specified type can be converted by this converter.

#### Syntax

```csharp
public override bool CanConvert(System.Type typeToConvert)
```

#### Parameters

| Name | Type | Description |
|------|------|-------------|
| `typeToConvert` | `System.Type` | The type to convert. |

#### Returns

Type: `bool`
True if the type is ServerConfig; otherwise, false.

### <Icon icon="code-merge" iconType="duotone" color="#419AC5" size={24} style={{ paddingRight: '8px' }} />  Read <DocsBadge text="Override" variant="info" />

Reads and converts the JSON to a ServerConfig object.

#### Syntax

```csharp
public override Mintlify.Core.Models.ServerConfig Read(ref System.Text.Json.Utf8JsonReader reader, System.Type typeToConvert, System.Text.Json.JsonSerializerOptions options)
```

#### Parameters

| Name | Type | Description |
|------|------|-------------|
| `reader` | `System.Text.Json.Utf8JsonReader` | The JSON reader. |
| `typeToConvert` | `System.Type` | The type to convert to. |
| `options` | `System.Text.Json.JsonSerializerOptions` | The serializer options. |

#### Returns

Type: `Mintlify.Core.Models.ServerConfig?`
A ServerConfig for all supported server configuration formats.

#### Exceptions

| Exception | Description |
|-----------|-------------|
| `JsonException` | Thrown when the JSON token type is not supported. |

### <Icon icon="code-merge" iconType="duotone" color="#419AC5" size={24} style={{ paddingRight: '8px' }} />  Write <DocsBadge text="Override" variant="info" />

Writes the ServerConfig object to JSON.

#### Syntax

```csharp
public override void Write(System.Text.Json.Utf8JsonWriter writer, Mintlify.Core.Models.ServerConfig value, System.Text.Json.JsonSerializerOptions options)
```

#### Parameters

| Name | Type | Description |
|------|------|-------------|
| `writer` | `System.Text.Json.Utf8JsonWriter` | The JSON writer. |
| `value` | `Mintlify.Core.Models.ServerConfig?` | The ServerConfig value to write. |
| `options` | `System.Text.Json.JsonSerializerOptions` | The serializer options. |
