src/CloudNimble.DotNetDocs.Docs/index.mdx, before:

---
title: Introduction
description: Transform your .NET libraries and applications with beautiful documentation
icon: rocket
---

# Welcome to DotNetDocs 🚀

**The modern documentation platform that transforms your .NET XML documentation into beautiful, interactive documentation sites.**

DotNetDocs bridges the gap between your carefully crafted XML documentation comments and stunning, user-friendly documentation websites. Built with developer experience in mind, it seamlessly integrates with your existing .NET workflow while delivering documentation that your users will actually love to read.

## ✨ What Makes DotNetDocs Special

<CardGroup cols={2}>
  <Card title="🎨 Multiple Output Formats" icon="palette">
    Generate beautiful Mintlify sites, clean Markdown, structured JSON, or YAML - all from your existing XML documentation
  </Card>
  <Card title="🔧 MSBuild Integration" icon="gear">
    Seamlessly integrate into your build process with MSBuild tasks and .NET CLI tools
  </Card>
  <Card title="🏗️ Flexible Architecture" icon="cubes">
    Modular design supports custom renderers, transformers, and extensibility patterns
  </Card>
  <Card title="⚡ Developer-First" icon="code">
    Zero configuration required - works out of the box with sensible defaults and powerful customization
  </Card>
</CardGroup>

## 🚀 Quick Start

Get up and running with DotNetDocs in just a few commands:

<CodeGroup>
```bash Install via .NET CLI
dotnet tool install --global CloudNimble.DotNetDocs.Tools
```

```bash Generate Documentation
dotnet easyaf mintlify --assembly-list assemblies.txt --output docs/
```

```xml MSBuild Integration
<PackageReference Include="CloudNimble.DotNetDocs.Sdk.Tasks" Version="*" />
```
</CodeGroup>

## 📚 Supported Output Formats

### 🎯 Mintlify Integration
Create stunning documentation sites with Mintlify's modern design system:
- **Interactive Navigation** - Automatically generated from your namespace structure
- **Code Syntax Highlighting** - Beautiful rendering of your C# signatures and examples
- **Search Integration** - Built-in search across all your API documentation
- **Responsive Design** - Perfect on desktop, tablet, and mobile devices

### 📄 Traditional Formats
- **Markdown** - Clean, readable documentation for GitHub, GitLab, or any markdown processor
- **JSON** - Structured data for custom integrations and tooling
- **YAML** - Configuration-friendly format for documentation pipelines

## 🎨 Customization Options

### File Organization Modes
<Tabs>
  <Tab title="Folder Mode">
    ```
    📁 docs/
    ├── 📁 MyNamespace/
    │   ├── 📄 index.mdx
    │   ├── 📄 MyClass.mdx
    │   └── 📁 SubNamespace/
    │       └── 📄 AnotherClass.mdx
    └── 📄 index.mdx
    ```
    Mirrors your namespace structure as folders
  </Tab>
  
  <Tab title="File Mode">
    ```
    📁 docs/
    ├── 📄 index.mdx
    ├── 📄 MyNamespace.MyClass.mdx
    ├── 📄 MyNamespace.SubNamespace.AnotherClass.mdx
    └── 📄 MyNamespace.SubNamespace.mdx
    ```
    Flat structure with namespace prefixes
  </Tab>
</Tabs>

### Mintlify Themes & Branding
- **Custom Colors** - Match your brand identity
- **Logo Integration** - Light and dark mode logo support
- **Icon Customization** - Rich icon library for types and members
- **Navigation Control** - Unified or assembly-grouped organization

## 🔧 Advanced Features

### Smart Content Discovery
DotNetDocs automatically discovers and integrates:
- Existing MDX files in your documentation folder
- Custom navigation structures via `navigation.json`
- Conceptual documentation alongside API references
- Asset files and resources

### Extensible Architecture
```csharp
// Custom renderer example
services.AddDotNetDocsPipeline(pipeline =>
{
    pipeline.UseCustomRenderer<MyRenderer>()
           .AddTransformer<MyTransformer>()
           .ConfigureContext(ctx => { /* ... */ });
});
```

### MSBuild Task Integration
```xml
<Target Name="GenerateDocs" AfterTargets="Build">
  <DiscoverDocumentedProjectsTask 
    SolutionDir="$(SolutionDir)" 
    Configuration="$(Configuration)" />
  <GenerateDocumentationTask 
    Assemblies="@(DocumentedProjects)"
    OutputPath="$(OutputPath)\docs"
    DocumentationType="Mintlify" />
</Target>
```

## 🏆 Why Choose DotNetDocs?

<AccordionGroup>
  <Accordion title="🎯 Designed for .NET Developers">
    Built by .NET developers, for .NET developers. Understands generics, nullable reference types, async patterns, and modern C# features out of the box.
  </Accordion>
  
  <Accordion title="🚀 Zero Configuration">
    Works immediately with your existing XML documentation. No complex setup, no migration required - just point it at your assemblies and go.
  </Accordion>
  
  <Accordion title="📈 Scales with Your Project">
    From single assemblies to large enterprise solutions with hundreds of projects. Handles complex inheritance hierarchies and cross-assembly references.
  </Accordion>
  
  <Accordion title="🔧 Extensible & Customizable">
    Plugin architecture allows custom renderers, transformers, and content processors. Integrate with your existing documentation workflow.
  </Accordion>
</AccordionGroup>

## 🛠️ Getting Started

Ready to transform your documentation? Check out our comprehensive guides:

<CardGroup cols={3}>
  <Card title="📖 Quick Start Guide" href="/getting-started">
    Get DotNetDocs running in minutes with our step-by-step guide
  </Card>
  <Card title="🎨 Mintlify Setup" href="/mintlify-guide">
    Create beautiful documentation sites with Mintlify integration
  </Card>
  <Card title="⚙️ Configuration" href="/configuration">
    Customize DotNetDocs to match your project's needs
  </Card>
</CardGroup>

<CardGroup cols={3}>
  <Card title="🔧 MSBuild Tasks" href="/msbuild-integration">
    Integrate documentation generation into your build process
  </Card>
  <Card title="🚀 CI/CD Integration" href="/cicd-setup">
    Automate documentation deployment with GitHub Actions
  </Card>
  <Card title="📚 API Reference" href="/api-reference">
    Complete API documentation for extending DotNetDocs
  </Card>
</CardGroup>

---

<Note>
**Ready to get started?** Install DotNetDocs today and join the growing community of .NET developers creating beautiful documentation with ease.

```bash
dotnet tool install --global CloudNimble.DotNetDocs.Tools
```
</Note>

Commit message:

Enhance Mintlify docs system with new features and fixes
- Added detailed MDX documentation for new classes and converters.
- Implemented JSON converters for polymorphic serialization.
- Enhanced models with implicit conversions for better usability.
- Fixed infinite recursion in custom converters with `OptionsWithoutThis`.
- Added comprehensive unit tests for converters and models.
- Improved navigation parsing and template processing logic.
- Updated project files to support multiple frameworks and dependencies.
- Enhanced background and color configurations for theme support.
- Improved performance and thread safety in JSON serialization.
- Resolved stack overflow issues in the documentation pipeline.

src/CloudNimble.DotNetDocs.Docs/index.mdx, after:

---
title: DotNetDocs - The Modern Documentation Platform for .NET
sidebarTitle: Introduction
description: Transform your .NET libraries and applications with beautiful documentation
icon: rocket
---

# Welcome to DotNetDocs 🚀

**The modern documentation platform that transforms your .NET XML documentation into beautiful, interactive documentation sites.**

DotNetDocs bridges the gap between your carefully crafted XML documentation comments and stunning, user-friendly documentation websites. Built with developer experience in mind, it seamlessly integrates with your existing .NET workflow while delivering documentation that your users will actually love to read.

## ✨ What Makes DotNetDocs Special

<CardGroup cols={2}>
  <Card title="🎨 Multiple Output Formats" icon="palette">
    Generate beautiful Mintlify sites, clean Markdown, structured JSON, or YAML - all from your existing XML documentation
  </Card>
  <Card title="🔧 MSBuild Integration" icon="gear">
    Seamlessly integrate into your build process with MSBuild tasks and .NET CLI tools
  </Card>
  <Card title="🏗️ Flexible Architecture" icon="cubes">
    Modular design supports custom renderers, transformers, and extensibility patterns
  </Card>
  <Card title="⚡ Developer-First" icon="code">
    Zero configuration required - works out of the box with sensible defaults and powerful customization
  </Card>
</CardGroup>

## 🚀 Quick Start

Get up and running with DotNetDocs in just a few commands:

<CodeGroup>
```bash Install via .NET CLI
dotnet tool install --global CloudNimble.DotNetDocs.Tools
```

```bash Generate Documentation
dotnet easyaf mintlify --assembly-list assemblies.txt --output docs/
```

```xml MSBuild Integration
<PackageReference Include="CloudNimble.DotNetDocs.Sdk.Tasks" Version="*" />
```
</CodeGroup>

## 📚 Supported Output Formats

### 🎯 Mintlify Integration
Create stunning documentation sites with Mintlify's modern design system:
- **Interactive Navigation** - Automatically generated from your namespace structure
- **Code Syntax Highlighting** - Beautiful rendering of your C# signatures and examples
- **Search Integration** - Built-in search across all your API documentation
- **Responsive Design** - Perfect on desktop, tablet, and mobile devices

### 📄 Traditional Formats
- **Markdown** - Clean, readable documentation for GitHub, GitLab, or any markdown processor
- **JSON** - Structured data for custom integrations and tooling
- **YAML** - Configuration-friendly format for documentation pipelines

## 🎨 Customization Options

### File Organization Modes
<Tabs>
  <Tab title="Folder Mode">
    ```
    📁 docs/
    ├── 📁 MyNamespace/
    │   ├── 📄 index.mdx
    │   ├── 📄 MyClass.mdx
    │   └── 📁 SubNamespace/
    │       └── 📄 AnotherClass.mdx
    └── 📄 index.mdx
    ```
    Mirrors your namespace structure as folders
  </Tab>
  
  <Tab title="File Mode">
    ```
    📁 docs/
    ├── 📄 index.mdx
    ├── 📄 MyNamespace.MyClass.mdx
    ├── 📄 MyNamespace.SubNamespace.AnotherClass.mdx
    └── 📄 MyNamespace.SubNamespace.mdx
    ```
    Flat structure with namespace prefixes
  </Tab>
</Tabs>

### Mintlify Themes & Branding
- **Custom Colors** - Match your brand identity
- **Logo Integration** - Light and dark mode logo support
- **Icon Customization** - Rich icon library for types and members
- **Navigation Control** - Unified or assembly-grouped organization

## 🔧 Advanced Features

### Smart Content Discovery
DotNetDocs automatically discovers and integrates:
- Existing MDX files in your documentation folder
- Custom navigation structures via `navigation.json`
- Conceptual documentation alongside API references
- Asset files and resources

### Extensible Architecture
```csharp
// Custom renderer example
services.AddDotNetDocsPipeline(pipeline =>
{
    pipeline.UseCustomRenderer<MyRenderer>()
           .AddTransformer<MyTransformer>()
           .ConfigureContext(ctx => { /* ... */ });
});
```

### MSBuild Task Integration
```xml
<Target Name="GenerateDocs" AfterTargets="Build">
  <DiscoverDocumentedProjectsTask 
    SolutionDir="$(SolutionDir)" 
    Configuration="$(Configuration)" />
  <GenerateDocumentationTask 
    Assemblies="@(DocumentedProjects)"
    OutputPath="$(OutputPath)\docs"
    DocumentationType="Mintlify" />
</Target>
```

## 🏆 Why Choose DotNetDocs?

<AccordionGroup>
  <Accordion title="🎯 Designed for .NET Developers">
    Built by .NET developers, for .NET developers. Understands generics, nullable reference types, async patterns, and modern C# features out of the box.
  </Accordion>
  
  <Accordion title="🚀 Zero Configuration">
    Works immediately with your existing XML documentation. No complex setup, no migration required - just point it at your assemblies and go.
  </Accordion>
  
  <Accordion title="📈 Scales with Your Project">
    From single assemblies to large enterprise solutions with hundreds of projects. Handles complex inheritance hierarchies and cross-assembly references.
  </Accordion>
  
  <Accordion title="🔧 Extensible & Customizable">
    Plugin architecture allows custom renderers, transformers, and content processors. Integrate with your existing documentation workflow.
  </Accordion>
</AccordionGroup>

## 🛠️ Getting Started

Ready to transform your documentation? Check out our comprehensive guides:

<CardGroup cols={3}>
  <Card title="📖 Quick Start Guide" href="/getting-started">
    Get DotNetDocs running in minutes with our step-by-step guide
  </Card>
  <Card title="🎨 Mintlify Setup" href="/mintlify-guide">
    Create beautiful documentation sites with Mintlify integration
  </Card>
  <Card title="⚙️ Configuration" href="/configuration">
    Customize DotNetDocs to match your project's needs
  </Card>
</CardGroup>

<CardGroup cols={3}>
  <Card title="🔧 MSBuild Tasks" href="/msbuild-integration">
    Integrate documentation generation into your build process
  </Card>
  <Card title="🚀 CI/CD Integration" href="/cicd-setup">
    Automate documentation deployment with GitHub Actions
  </Card>
  <Card title="📚 API Reference" href="/api-reference">
    Complete API documentation for extending DotNetDocs
  </Card>
</CardGroup>

---

<Note>
**Ready to get started?** Install DotNetDocs today and join the growing community of .NET developers creating beautiful documentation with ease.

```bash
dotnet tool install --global CloudNimble.DotNetDocs.Tools
```
</Note>
